[DOCS] Adds regression analytics resources and examples to the data frame analytics APIs and the evaluation API (#46176)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/df-analytics/apis/dfanalyticsresources.asciidoc

`feature_influence_threshold`:: 
  (double) The minimum {olscore} that a document needs to have in order to 
  calculate its {fiscore}. 
  Value range: 0-1 (`0.1` by default).
  

[discrete]
[[regression-resources]]
==== {regression-cap} configuration objects

A `{regression}` configuration object has the following properties:

`dependent_variable`::
  (Required, string) Defines which field of the {dataframe} is to be predicted. 
  This parameter is supplied by field name and must match one of the fields in 
  the index being used to train. If this field is missing from a document that 
  row will not be used for training, but a prediction with the trained model 
  will be generated for it. The data type of the field must be numeric. It is 
  also known as continuous target variable.  

`eta`::
  (Optional, double) The shrinkage applied to the weights. Smaller values result 
  in larger forests which have better generalization error. However, the smaller 
  the value the longer the training will take and the inference will also be 

>   larger and slower. For more information, see 

Reviewer: this doesn't read quite right, I'd say instead
"the inference will also be larger and slower" -> "the model will be larger and inference slower"

  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gradient_boosting#Shrinkage[this wiki article] 
  about shrinkage.

`feature_bag_fraction`::
  (Optional, double) Defines the fraction of features which will be used when 
  selecting a random bag for each candidate split.
  
`maximum_number_trees`::
  (Optional, integer) Defines the maximum number of trees the forest is 
  allowed to contain. The maximum value is 2000.
    
`prediction_field_name`::
  (Optional, string) Defines the name of the prediction field in the results. 
  Defaults to `<dependent_variable>_prediction`.
    
`training_percent`::
  (Optional, integer) Defines what percentage of the data rows that are 
  eligible for training. Defaults to `100`.

===== {regression-cap} regularization parameters

Regularization parameters are constant multipliers of a regularization term 
added to the optimization objective. They aim to prevent overfitting on the 
training data set and improve generalization performance. These parameters are 
calculated and set automatically by 
<<ml-hyperparameter-optimization,hyperparameter optimization>> if you don't 

> supply their values manually. For more 

Reviewer: Note that `eta` and `feature_bag_fraction` are also calculated automatically to give the best validation errors. I sort of feel like it would be nice to capture this point somewhere which makes this clear.

information about regularization parameters and optimization, read the 
https://arxiv.org/pdf/1603.02754.pdf[**XGBoost: A Scalable Tree Boosting System**] 

> paper. 

Reviewer: 👍 nice choice to separate out as a group!

`gamma`::

>   (Optional, double) It multiplies a linear penalty associated with the size of 

Reviewer: For consistency with lambda:
```suggestion
  (Optional, double) Multiplies a linear penalty associated with the size of 
```

  individual trees in the forest. The higher the value the more training will 
  prefer smaller trees. This will reduce the number of distinct values the 
  prediction function can take. To have an effect, `gamma` value must be 
  comparable to the reduction in the expected loss for splitting the data. The 
  smaller this parameter the larger individual trees will be. This will result 

>   in slower train time and larger models for which inference is slower.

Reviewer: Since we say larger values result in smaller trees, how about:
"The smaller this parameter the longer train will take. It will also produce larger models for which inference is slower."

`feature_influence_threshold`:: 
  (double) The minimum {olscore} that a document needs to have in order to 
  calculate its {fiscore}. 
  Value range: 0-1 (`0.1` by default).
  

[discrete]
[[regression-resources]]
==== {regression-cap} configuration objects

> A `{regression}` configuration object has the following properties:

Author: I put the regression params description into a Google Docs to make it easier to review the text. I addressed these issues there: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UGagbmQ7aeh4QL_fc0rOsf3m3R9VkygOQL7HFNVha74/edit#

> A `{regression}` configuration object has the following properties:

Author: 9e20ad3 contains the changes.

`feature_influence_threshold`:: 
  (double) The minimum {olscore} that a document needs to have in order to 
  calculate its {fiscore}. 
  Value range: 0-1 (`0.1` by default).
  

[discrete]
[[regression-resources]]
==== {regression-cap} configuration objects

A `{regression}` configuration object has the following properties:

`dependent_variable`::
  (Required, string) Defines which field of the {dataframe} is to be predicted. 
  The data type of the field must be numeric. It is also known as continuous 
  target variable.

`eta`::
  (Optional, double) The shrinkage applied to the weights. 

`feature_bag_fraction`::
  (Optional, double) Defines the fraction of features which will be used when 
  selecting a random bag for each candidate split. 

> `gamma`::

Reviewer: I think it might be worth expanding the documentation regarding the effects of this parameter and a link to the xgboost paper. I think we're also missing a section on our default behaviour, i.e. the hyperparameter optimisation we perform if no parameters are supplied. Maybe that could be referenced from here.

  (Optional, double) A regularization parameter associated with tree training. 
  Defines a linear penalty associated with tree size. A higher value means 
  training will prefer smaller trees. It aims to prevent overfitting.
  

> `lambda`::

Reviewer: Similarly to gamma there is more to say about this parameter.

Reviewer: (Will discuss this more offline.)

  (Optional, double) A regularization parameters associated with tree training. 
  It is the L2 regularization term which applies to leaf weights of the 
  individual trees in the forest. It aims to prevent overfitting.
  
`maximum_number_trees`::
  (Optional, integer) Defines the maximum number of trees the forest is 
  allowed to contain. The maximum value is 2000.
  
`prediction_field_name`::
  (Optional, string) Defines the name of the prediction field in the results. 
  Defaults to `<dependent_variable>_prediction`.
  
`training_percent`::
  (Optional, integer) Defines what percentage of the data rows that are 
  eligible for training. Defaults to `100`.

> [source,js]

Reviewer 2: Should we use wine quality as an example? Could we stick with the house prices example?

Reviewer 3: I personally am indifferent, but using the wine quality dataset as an example for supervised machine learning is very common.

`feature_influence_threshold`:: 
  (double) The minimum {olscore} that a document needs to have in order to 
  calculate its {fiscore}. 
  Value range: 0-1 (`0.1` by default).
  

[discrete]
[[regression-resources]]
==== {regression-cap} configuration objects

A `{regression}` configuration object has the following properties:

`dependent_variable`::
  (Required, string) Defines which field of the {dataframe} is to be predicted. 
  The data type of the field must be numeric.

`eta`::
  (Optional, double) The shrinkage applied to the weights. 

`feature_bag_fraction`::
  (Optional, double) Defines the fraction of features which will be used when 
  selecting a random bag for each candidate split. 

`gamma`::

>   (Optional, double) A regularisation parameter associated with tree training. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  (Optional, double) A regularization parameter associated with tree training. 
```

  Defines a linear penalty associated with tree size. A higher value means 
  training will prefer smaller trees. It aims to prevent overfitting.
  
`lambda`::

>   (Optional, double) A regularisation parameters associated with tree training. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  (Optional, double) A regularization parameters associated with tree training. 
```

>   It is the L2 regularisation term which applies to leaf weights of the 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  It is the L2 regularization term which applies to leaf weights of the 
```

  individual trees in the forest. It aims to prevent overfitting.
  
`maximum_number_trees`::

>   (Optional, integer) Defines the maximum number of trees the forest will be 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  (Optional, integer) Defines the maximum number of trees the forest is 
```

  allowed to contain. The maximum value is 2000.
  
`prediction_field_name`::
  (Optional, string) Defines the name of the prediction field in the results. 
  Defaults to `<dependent_variable>_prediction`.
  
`training_percent`::

>   (Optional, integer) Defines what percentage of data frame rows that are 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  (Optional, integer) Defines what percentage of the data rows that are 
```

>   eligible for training are actually going to be used for training. Defaults to 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  eligible for training. Defaults to `100`.
```

>   `100`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
PUT _ml/data_frame/analytics/wine_quality_white
{
  "source": {
    "index": "wine_quality_white"
  },
  "dest": {
    "index": "wine_quality_white_regression"
  },
  "analysis": 
    {
      "regression": {
        "dependent_variable": "quality"
      }
    }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE
// TEST[setup:setup_wine_quality_white]

[discrete]
[[regression-resources-response]]
==== {regression-cap} response object

> `is_training`::

Reviewer 3: I don't think this is actually in the response body. I think it is a field that is written to the resulting document after the analyses is complete.
